hey whats up guys cliffe here from the
mahalo team and with me today I have
Greg Donovan from volition he's going to
talk to us a little bit about saints row
the third so Greg um what could you say
that's new about this game prepared to
saints row two or to the first one what
will fans of the series be expecting
when this one releases okay i would say
that sensor to who is solidified its own
identity by having us over the top miss
over-the-top vision it was mostly her
gameplay and that worked really well for
us from Saints for the herb it's that
time from beginning said you know what
that over the top
it's be applied to everything so Miss
Bennet experience not just game
so I think layers in respond very well
that we're talking about art direction
visual effects character models
everything we want players when they're
playing this mean the same to themselves
I can't believe I'm seeing this I cannot
believe I'm doing this a little
surprising position got away with it so
it's basically not many players
expectations but also some pass right on
and what did you change the graphic
style at all to match that on the
character models and everything like
that see the saints when the third is
being built in the ground up completely
original a city in the new tech we took
we are very very specific to make sure
that things like the art direction
compliment that open over the top game
for example there's very few straight
lines to break up in Philly or so God's
sight distance to 11 that cacophony to
kind of come through a yard direction so
we really capitalizing on our previous
iterations the franchise to apply that
to this appearances
lies completely from the French
very cool and so what I've heard is that
the third street saints are now like a
local celebrity in their city how does
that affect the gameplay and the mission
outcomes and everything well you'll be
right and when the game starts the
saints for king of Stillwater the SR 1
and s are to see they've got all the
money power they want license out their
image to things like lunch boxes
bobbleheads tennis shoes everything's at
the top of their game no more starting a
bottle on your way up and we think that
counting the game is a player that
players are going to want to play as but
what works for us from a design point of
view with that with starting out that
way is we can give players really
powerful weapons and vehicles right from
the beginning that's very important in
open world games it's like you know you
don't want to like spend two hours to
get a pistol everything let's make let's
give me air strikes and V tall's and
flying vehicles right from the beginning
because get the critical path and
importantly the sandbox gameplay sandbox
gameplay is fun when you have fun toys
to play with and it makes contextual
design sense it's like hey this guy's a
badass from the beginning it makes sense
that he has all these powerful weapons
and toys from the beginning very cool
and I've also heard that there's a lot
more scripted events to drive the
narrative would you say there's more
than saints row two and that it's you
know a more structured single-player
experience I would like to say that the
single-player experience has been
improved upon on many levels everything
from the story and plot points of beats
to keep the players that invested to
actually having varied scripted
customized missions comparatively sr2
had about I know ten or fifteen percent
custom missions and we've got about 75%
of them in st. sort of the third you
know is we like they don't like the the
missions where you like go here start a
fire fighting then run away
that's that's not fun we want these
custom set pieces are really draw the
purse the player in and be like I cannot
believe that this is awesome so our plan
is to have a single-player critical path
that really keeps players engaged part
of that's from the story in us too and
also part of that is from what you're
actually playing I eat the script
admissions are there any new multiplayer
game types that we're added to this is
big ass chain is going to be returning
unfortunately we don't have competitive
multiplayer and saints row two the third
there's a lot of understandably upset
players about that we decided from the
beginning one and focus on single player
and co-op we think that that is where
the game's core is so we have the same
seamless drop in drop out and co-op as
we had a previous and sr2 just don't
have the competitive multiplayer but you
know what i think that works best for
the game and everyone please step aside
and THQ sides feeling great about that
very cool and when can we expect the
game to release through the third ships
in North America November 15th on ps3
360 and PC November eighteenth and for
Europe stay tuned for more in 3 news on
Mahalo basically
you